# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
backports-datetime-fromisoformat==2.0.3
    # via flattentool
btrees==5.1
    # via zodb
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via persistent
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via libcoveocds
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via schema
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
dj-database-url==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-cors-headers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
flattentool==0.24.0
    # via libcove
gunicorn[setproctitle]==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
ijson==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flattentool
    #   ocdskit
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flattentool
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
libcove==0.32.0
    # via libcoveocds
libcoveocds[perf]==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.0
    # via flattentool
ocdsextensionregistry==0.6.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveocds
    #   ocdskit
ocdskit[perf]==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ocdsmerge==0.8.0
    # via ocdskit
ocdsmerge-rs==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via flattentool
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via flattentool
orjson==3.9.15
    # via
    #   libcoveocds
    #   ocdskit
    #   yapw
packaging==24.0
    # via gunicorn
persistent==6.1.1
    # via
    #   btrees
    #   zodb
pika==1.3.2
    # via yapw
platformdirs==3.8.1
    # via requests-cache
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pytz==2019.3
    # via flattentool
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.1.0
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via libcove
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via libcove
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
schema==0.7.5
    # via flattentool
sentry-sdk==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
setproctitle==1.2.2
    # via gunicorn
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
    #   zodb
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
transaction==4.0
    # via zodb
typing-extensions==4.7.0
    # via dj-database-url
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via flattentool
yapw[perf]==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
zc-lockfile==3.0.post1
    # via zodb
zc-zlibstorage==1.2.0
    # via flattentool
zconfig==4.0
    # via zodb
zodb==5.8.1
    # via
    #   flattentool
    #   zc-zlibstorage
zodbpickle==4.2
    # via zodb
zope-deferredimport==5.0
    # via persistent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   btrees
    #   persistent
    #   transaction
    #   zc-zlibstorage
    #   zodb
    #   zope-proxy
zope-proxy==6.1
    # via zope-deferredimport
